DOCS-9758-sftp-copy-move-example-kt (#1235)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-copy-move.adoc

= Copy and Move Files with the SFTP Connector - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::sftp/sftp-copy-move.adoc

> Anypoint Connector for SFTP (SFTP Connector) Copy and Move operations provides the ability to copy and move files or directories on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for SFTP (SFTP Connector) Copy and Move operations enable you to copy and move files or directories on demand.
```

> While SFTP has a native concept of copying and moving, FTP does not. FTP Connector simulates these operations by downloading file content and writing it to a new location. Although all of this is done with concurrent streams that start writing at the same time as it starts reading, copying and moving does have a significant network overhead and should be used wisely. SFTP Connector Move operation does not impact network overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While SFTP has a native concept of copying and moving, FTP does not. FTP Connector simulates these operations by downloading file content and writing it to a new location. Although all of this is done with concurrent streams that start writing and reading at the same time, copying and moving files does have significant network overhead and should be used wisely. The SFTP Connector Move operation does not impact network overhead.
```

> == Configure the Copy Operation in Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure the Copy and Move Operations in Studio
```

To add and configure the Copy operation in Studio, follow these steps:

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search `sftp` and select the *Copy* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `sftp` and select the *Copy* operation.
```

. Drag the *Copy* operation onto the Studio canvas.
. In the *General* tab of the operation configuration screen, click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. Specify the connection information and click *OK*.
. Set the *Source path* field to the path of the file to copy, for example `source.txt`.

> . Set the *Target path* field to the directory path into which the file is to be copied, for example `backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Target path* field, enter the directory path into which to copy the file, for example `backup`.
```

. Set the *Rename to* field to rename the file as part of the operation, for example `renamed.txt`. +
This parameter must be a file name, not a path. If this attribute is not provided, the original file name is used.

The following screenshot shows the *Copy* operation configuration:

.Copy operation configuration
image::sftp-copy-operation.png[Copy operation configuration in Studio]

In the XML editor, the `<sftp:copy>` configuration looks like this:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<sftp:copy sourcePath="source.txt"
  targetPath="backup" overwrite="true|false"
  createParentDirectories="true|false"
  renameTo="renamed.txt"/>
----

== Configure the Move Operation in Studio

> To add and configure the Copy operation in Studio, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add and configure the Move operation in Studio, follow these steps:
```

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search `sftp` and select the *Move* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `sftp` and select the *Move* operation.
```
